fix: more work on OC11 docs (#1557)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/security/ransomware-protection.adoc

== Introduction

Ransomware is https://www.google.de/search?q=ransomware&source=lnms&tbm=nws&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiqmvL9rdfXAhWCyaQKHSkgDosQ_AUICigB&biw=1680&bih=908[an ever-present threat], both for large enterprises as well as for individuals. Once infected, a whole hard disk (or just parts of it) can become encrypted, leading to unrecoverable data loss.

Once this happens, attackers usually ask victims to pay a ransom, often via cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, in exchange for the decryption key required to decrypt their data.

While paying the ransom works in some cases, it is not recommended, as there is no guarantee that the attackers will supply the key after payment is made. To help mitigate such threats and ensure ongoing access to user data, ownCloud provides the Ransomware Protection app.

> NOTE: It is essential to be aware that user data needs to be synchronized with you ownCloud Classic using the ownCloud Desktop synchronization client. Data that is not synchronized and stored in ownCloud cannot be protected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: It is essential to be aware that user data needs to be synchronized with your ownCloud Classic server using the ownCloud Desktop synchronization client. Data that is not synchronized and stored in ownCloud cannot be protected.
```

Users will see a yellow notification banner in the ownCloud web UI directing them to menu:Settings[Personal > Security] (`__Ransomware detected: Your account is locked (read-only) for client access to protect your data. Click here to unlock.__`), where additional information is displayed and users can unlock their account when ransomware issues are resolved locally.

NOTE: Locking is enabled by default. If this is not desired, an administrator can disable it in the menu:Settings[Admin > Security] panel.

== Protection: Data Retention and Rollback

While Ransomware Prevention mitigates risks of a range of ransomware attacks, it is not a future-proof solution, because ransomware is becoming ever-more sophisticated. There are known attacks that change file extensions randomly or keep them unchanged which makes them harder to detect.

Ultimately there is a consensus that only one solution can provide future-proof protection from ransomware attacks: retaining data and providing the means to roll back to a particular point in time.

> ownCloud Ransomware Protection will, therefore, record all changes on an ownCloud Classic and allow administrators to rollback user data to a particular point in time, making use of ownCloud’s integrated Versioning and Trash bin features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ownCloud Ransomware Protection will, therefore, record all changes on an ownCloud Classic server and allow administrators to rollback user data to a particular point in time, making use of ownCloud’s integrated Versioning and Trash bin features.
```

Is it well understood that "ownCloud Classic" always refers to the server? (for example, I might have an "ownCloud Classic ecosystem" that has phones, laptops, server... all syncing with each other.

> Doing so allows all user data that is synchronized with the server to be rolled back to its state before the attack occurred. A combination of Ransomware prevention and protection reduces risks to a minimum acceptable level.

Reviewer: For example, this sentence just mentions "the server", which reads fine to me, as long as we have previously written "the ownCloud Classic server".

| Update the blacklist file with content from a URL.
|===

(1) ... `<timestamp>` must be in the Linux timestamp format.

== Requirements

=== Mandatory

. *File Firewall rule (previous approach for ransomware protection).* +
If you have configured the File Firewall rule which was provided as a preliminary protection mechanism, please remove it. The functionality (Blocking) is covered by Ransomware Protection in an improved way.

. *Ransomware Protection.* +
Ransomware protection needs to be in operation before an attack occurs, as it needs to record file operations to be able to revert them, in case of an attack.

. *ownCloud Versions App.* +
Required to restore older file versions. The capabilities of Ransomware Protection depend on its configuration regarding version retention.

. *ownCloud Trash Bin App.* +
Required to restore deleted files. The capabilities of Ransomware Protection depend on its configuration regarding trash bin retention.

=== Optional

. *Activity app.* +
For viewing activity logs.

== Limitations

> * Ransomware Protection works with master-key based storage encryption. With credential-based storage encryption, only Ransomware Prevention

Reviewer: Not directly related, but I thought that master-key encryption was going to be the only encryption system, and that the old user-key encryption was being removed?
